hey guys what is left you know that yes
sony have a bill a lot of things they
just made a video about the new 3d TV
that is amazing it's 1080p LED TV 24
inch for for our 99 bucks is good to
come out this fall they also talked on
their little keynote on e3 here 2011
about this new playstation the next
generation portable the PS Vita kid
named PlayStation Vita that is the new
name but in this video is going to talk
about a new thing that they also now Pat
announced in Japan and it's going to
cost 5,000 yen and that's like 63 bucks
here in the States but it's a new
bluetooth ps3 keyboard with a dedicated
you know PS button here at the bottom so
you know you can start up your
PlayStation 3 is by pressing there and
then it's simple if they have this like
getting a clamshell design it looks good
it looks really good you have a little
Sony you know it's only text there and
it just looks good you know original and
yeah we don't know if this is going to
be coming to the States or Europe but
yeah Sony is up and running again after
the hacks and hopefully hopefully we
won't hear any more about stuff about
Sonia main have all our main like 20-30
hacking videos or sewing attacked so
hopefully low security is not going to
hack and almost nothing taxonomy and
because I mean there is getting pissed
off but there are really some new
products here and we do like them it is
a simple keyboard in a simple design and
yeah so if you want keyboard official
keyboard is finally here bluetooth
obviously that's more or less technology
with normally so yeah but it looks good
shrimpie good morrow to ps3 and i will
never get one because the Pisan down all
those stuff but yep see